datadog: now host is referenceable (#5353)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/datadog/_index.md

{:.note}
> **Note:** `host` and `port` fields in the plugin config take precedence over environment variables.

> > For Kubernetes there's a known limitation that we cannot set `host` to null to use the environment variable. You can work around this using a vault reference, for example: `{vault://env/kong-datadog-agent-host}`. Please refer to [configure with Kubernetes](#configure-with-kubernetes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <br>
> For Kubernetes, there is a known limitation that you can't set `host` to null to use the environment variable. You can work around this by using a vault reference, for example: `{vault://env/kong-datadog-agent-host}`. Refer to [configure with Kubernetes](#configure-with-kubernetes).
```

{% include /md/plugins-hub/kong-process-errors.md %}

## Configure with Kubernetes

> Please make sure the environment variable is visible from Kong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before going through the following steps, make sure the environment variable is visible from Kong.
```

### Helm

> 1. Modify the `env` section in `values.yaml` like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Modify the `env` section in `values.yaml`:
```

```yaml
env:
  datadog_agent_host:
    valueFrom:
      fieldRef:
        fieldPath: status.hostIP
```

> 1. update helm deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the Helm deployment:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

helm upgrade -f values.yaml RELEASE_NAME kong/kong --version VERSION --namespace NAMESPACE
```

> 1. Modify plugin's configuration like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Modify the plugin's configuration:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: configuration.konghq.com/v1
kind: KongClusterPlugin
metadata:
  name: datadog
  annotations:
    kubernetes.io/ingress.class: kong
  labels:
    global: "true"
config:
  host: "{vault://env/kong-datadog-agent-host}"
  port: 8125
```

> ### Non-Helm

Reviewer: Is there a better title for this... Kubernetes YAML maybe?

> ### Non-Helm

Author: ```suggestion
### Kubernetes YAML
```

> 1. Modify the `env` section in `values.yaml` like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Modify the `env` section in `values.yaml`:
```

```yaml
env:
  - name: KONG_DATADOG_AGENT_HOST
    valueFrom:
      fieldRef:
        fieldPath: status.hostIP
```

> 2. Modify plugin's configuration like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Modify plugin's configuration:
```

{% include /md/plugins-hub/kong-process-errors.md %}

## Configure with Kubernetes

> Before going through the following steps, make sure the environment variable is visible from Kong.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In most Kubernetes setups, datadog-agent runs as a daemon set, meaning, a datadog-agent runs on each node in the Kubernetes cluster and Kong must forward metrics to the datadog-agent running on the same node on which a Kong pod is running. This can be accomplished by providing the IP address of the Kubernetes worker node to Kong and then configuring the plugin to use that IP address. This is achieved using environment variables.
```
